During my thinking about this assignment, I thought of quite a few resources that I would consider to be reputable
or trustworthy. As the jokes go, half of being a software engineer is being able to look up the problem on google
and find the solution, so being able to find reputable solutions is kind of in the job description. That being said,
there are some sites that are generally good sources for good solutions, without much confusion.

For one, there are websites like Stack Overflow and GitLab Forum. With the forum format, you can find pretty much any
solution to any problem with any language. Since it's a collaborative effort between software engineers and programming
beginners alike, most of the solutions can be trusted to work efficiently and effectively. One rule of thumb with
these though, it's best to look at multiple answers. There's rarely a one size fits all solution to any coding bug, so
checking mutliple answers to see which fits best is a good practice.

For another, there are websites like Github. While Github is not a place to ask questions or anything of that sort, it
can be a good place to find functional code to build off of. I can't count the number of times where seeing a functional
program doing what I wanted it to do was more helpful than being told what was wrong. You have to be careful with this
though, because it can easily let you slip into plagarising code. As long as you only take inspiration from programs
belonging to other people, then everything should be fine.

Lastly, websites sponsored by the language or library themselves are always a good option. If you're struggling with a
certain language, library, or module, then going to the website of that language, library, or module can be a very
good way of learning what is going wrong and what you should be doing. One pitfall for this though is that sometimes the
websites aren't very comprehensive, and can be confusing.

Overall, any source can be considered reputable if the solution works. If the suggested solution works as desired, then
I see no reason to deem it not reputable. As long as you are careful with choosing where you browse, and how you implement
the solutions suggested to you, then you should be fine.